Refactor development strategies structure and pages (#719)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/scos/dev/back-end-development/extending-spryker/development-strategies/development-strategies.md

---
title: Development Strategies
description: This article describes the strategies a project team can take while building a Spryker-based project.
last_updated: Jan 28, 2022
template: concept-topic-template
---

Spryker OS exposes codebase Projects, which enables a high level of customization and can satisfy even the most complex Project business requirements.

The project development, the team is free to decide what approach to use. Spryker recommends considering **Configuration**, **Plug and Play**, and **Project modules** first to get maximum from the Spryker OS codebase, atomic releases, leverage minimum efforts for the integration of the new features and keeping system up to date.

> Before jumping on the strategies definition, check out the table of Spryker OS update support to make the best decision about the customization strategy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before proceeding to the strategies definition, check out the following table of the Spryker OS update support to make the best decision about the customization strategy.
```
